Oita win I usually commute to this car
Also you What are you are using in order to attend an interview and circuit
Finally I collapsed to the bureau ve San's
Size is 17 inches to 18 inches
What is your impression
The sound is quiet first
Ruro's
It's an ugly complaint but it's good too
Can you really die
Tire gar
More than ever
It is true of job hunting, such as gone far because
Oh I do not do the drain method at 5 o'clock
Even on the surface of the road with lots of dreams
Ask them along shock that Dokan
It is very comfortable eh
Just straight ahead is good
The steering shows a very accurate response that this is also
Driver's fatigue is greatly reduced
Kedomo I reason there is why even when such candy and pull using before
Meeting at the height wet state of Well cups number of
Grip height this is not-
For the whole body as well as a driver I'd such that you do not know very much in appearance
Coming through
Sense of security
It is quite important like this winding road
The method is not
Halo 3 round now is also
Show me the true value
Because there is a big play of this kind of 煌 4 like this
There are many cases where I am not good at such places
me
This inquiry no
Beth lost that max grip is so high or such
Yeah
It's a great smooth response from the beginning of the ring cut
Me enter the car in the place where I thought because
So I feel good
never tired
I felt very much lack of rolling resistance is not after you move
The car is light and swissy
I feel like going
Nara ride even if you're
good because I know also a sound
It is said that shock and unpleasant shock are received
Even though Well this Well is the content, such as it can be said Ryohotera both of a total
I understand you
Elimination hospital by that kind of being suppressed
The movement is much less than that fatigue.
Comfortable N
So just enduring the tires will make a big difference in the running of the car
There are people who are lost in the next tire
This is it